I have no welcome back to another video
I hope you doing really good and you're
keeping well at the moment in today's
video I'm going to take you through a ye
in a day video I'm going to show you
some of my favourite meals that I've
been having at the moment I really enjoy
filming these videos so I'm just going
to take you through my day I'm going to
take you through a homework cow and just
to show you what I got - I'm gonna have
a coffee yet so I'm in desperate need
one of those and I woken up really
hungry today so I'm excited for my
breakfast I've had quite a few questions
but I'm not intermittent faster in the
moment I'll explain that later on in the
video but for now we need our coffee and
our breakfast so I'm just making a
different C tablet what we do these is
leaving these out the night before
because I always forget the first thing
and all I ever do is go straight to that
coffee machine okay I'm gonna use very
bright this morning
the Sun is not shining today it's okay I
actually had this a few years isn't it
crazy how like tired I stir seems to
come in and out of fashion because she
need to decide what I want for my
breakfast I think I'm gonna have the
baked very oats that I made in one of my
different ways to make oats video the
other day it's like having a dessert for
breakfast and it's like eating kind of
like an apple pie that's anything I can
think of how to describe the taste so
I'm going to make an iced coffee that's
more than just got into a circular ice
cube type the is large like balls which
were really nice rather than like a
little mini cube just grabbing my fancy
glass this is my favorite coffee pot the
Starbucks blonde ropes you do have one
of these Nespresso machines honestly
you've got to try that
I've just started preheating my oven to
180 degrees and then I'm just going to
show you all the ingredients that I'm
using to make my baked oats but yet it
lets you to take between like 20 and 25
minutes in the oven this is what you
will need some plain oats I'm just using
the normal rolled ones some egg whites
you could just use obviously egg whites
from eggs that you've got in some milk
of preference and using almond and
sweeten them whey protein this is in
cookies and cream flavor frozen berries
I really like frozen blue Broz at the
moment and some flavor drops I'm using a
vanilla flavor and then just a little
bit of baking powder to make it rise and
what I like to do just add everything to
a mixing bowl and then pop it into a
baking tray I'm just going to start by
measuring at 40 grams of oats using my
scale I'll plot all the measurements on
the screen and I'll select the macros I
can only do then I'm using a hundred and
fifty grams of milk basically the same
recipe that your normal oak Bowl is just
with like baking powder and egg white
really using 20 grams
these include whey protein your drops of
the vanilla flavored rocks about two or
three about a forty five grams of the
liquid egg whites that I'd be like two
egg whites you're usually using that
normally like half a teaspoon of baking
powder
and then at 45 grams of frozen
blueberries you could use like mix
various food and then I'm just gonna
give that all asto round it goes it's
really nice hopefully ruining a color as
well your set time that for 25 minutes
so this is the part where I try and
distract myself for the 25 minute is
that it's cooking because I don't know
about you but I always have to like prod
just mess about with whatever is cooking
in the oven when I'm hungry so I'm gonna
take this up off it gets throughout 20
minutes just checking it and if you
prefer things like more like gooey
takeout then I prefer it more like
crispy then leave it in for a little bit
longer it's something that I've been
loving doing recently is putting on some
I feel good oldies in the morning and
just dance around my kitchen I made a
playlist I think it was last week on my
Spotify I pop that in the description
bar if you also want to dance the log in
a warning I just think it makes you feel
so good it's been sunny for the past few
weeks and today's the first sort of
Clara Joe that we've had and when I
looked up I witnessed one I did feel a
bit like oh god like come back sunshine
believe on here and returned to man
[Music]
so that's just come out of the oven and
I'm just going to put some toppings on
it but it just looks like a cage doesn't
it just gonna put so much shop also it's
a movie peanut butter so here is my
first meal of the day this huge oh
goodness that packed with protein before
the toppings it's 285 calories which is
just crazy
just sat down with my breakfast I mean
it's like a massive living I've got my
coffee
[Music]
but just came to my I'm just gonna I'm
just gonna write my to-do list for the
day I've got to do these otherwise I
don't get anything done and then I'm
just gonna pop my headphones in and do
my little morning meditation I've
mentioned that quite a bit on here
there's one on YouTube and that I
particularly really really like I'll
link the one I've written down below but
I don't feel so good afterwards it's
just this morning and positive energy
garden meditation I always think about
really weird when I like films Lateran
in meditation or synthetic so I'm gonna
do one of those click- and I'll be in
gym gear and procrastinating right now
we are dressed by the video the other
day I had these in the green and I had
to order them in the purple before they
went out of stock
I actually size down and these fit a lot
better I got these in a 6 near the green
ones were in a and there's not too much
difference those to refer I'm just gonna
route to train and it's like today which
means I need a really good playlist so I
was going Mixcloud
I really like DJ Blighty like anything
R&B like hip hop are the official I
might listen to this one today I've got
a separate diary and which I like log on
my workouts here
[Music]
god I feel so much pressure
I've just got showered and changed and
everything and that was such a tough
workout like mentally more than anything
I just wasn't really feeling it today
and I felt myself like trying to swag
and I was trying to get one of my last
set and I was just about to do it and
then I was like no because I know what
happens then it just has an effect on my
whole day and then like my future
workouts and I always think it's those
that last sets and reps that count the
most it's really easy when you're at
home as well it's just acknowledged just
like to skip this last workout mentally
when you do things like that it just
affects you really negatively so it
always makes sure if you set out to do
something get the job done no slacking
just remember how good it feels like
once you've got it and I'm really glad
that I did both now so I'm just gonna
make some lunch I'm not sure what I'm
thinking to see what I've got in the
fridge for my lunch I've just grabbed
some bits out that I've got in the
fridge so I'm gonna have some chicken
breast and I'm gonna marinate it in some
jerk barbecue sauce this sauce is so so
good it's quite spicy it's got the kick
to it and half an onion and then just
like seasoned chicken and stuff in a
separate Bowl and have it with some
Mexican style rice and like peppery
greens and I just put like balsamic
vinegar
[Music]
[Applause]
hundred and seventy four grams of
chicken I'm just over to making this
portion for myself I'm just I'm just
going to measure out my sauce and it be
carefully like a lot of sauces because
we contain quite a lot of sugar and stir
season it was sort of garlic granules as
well adding some all-purpose seasoning
and now I'm just going to fry face in
the parent waves even ooh
and you're waiting for that to put
snacking on these corn cakes are slow
now my chicken is all cooked but I
absolutely like making everything into
like a bit of a sauce so I'm just gonna
add a little bit of yogurt and almond
milk thank you my third bag the handful
using some balsamic vinegar to go over
top sprinkling some sunflower seeds of
it my Mexico that's right
so here we have my barbecue chicken
Mexican rice I decided my second meal of
the day
honestly this tastes unreal it's one of
my favorites and a really nice like
filling meals oh my god it looks so good
you could have this for dinner as well I
don't have a Coke Zero
well this that hitting it quite a while
I just wanted to sit down and like
chitchat about a few things and quite a
few questions that I've been getting
recently first of all it is intermittent
fasting you guys will probably know that
I was interested fasting about a month
ago I did it for a couple months really
really enjoyed it and it really suited
me at the time but then when
circumstances changed like with the
whole warranty and stuff
it just wasn't suiting me as much like I
just preferred having breakfast first
thing in the morning purely the only
reason you know I've taken each day at a
time and doing what feels best for
myself and I would always say to do the
same and then the other thing is just
about like my cut at the moment I've
been really enjoying my cook which
sounds a bit funny to say because I
remember when I tried last year to like
lower body fat and I really struggled
and I wasn't really getting anywhere and
I would say that is just because this
year I've been really good at tracking
my macros average I've set all my macro
so she don't know what they are about
it's just like your protein carbs fats
calories all of them all of us were all
individuals and we all have different
like lifestyles different activity
levels and stuff so it'd be pointless to
be telling you my macros because they're
not going to suit you because we're all
different and I think that's one thing
since I realized that as I learn more
about that that's what I've seen like
the most progression because I've
learned about my individual body rather
than going off someone else's calories
or you know that kind of vibe
something that I would say my probably
like best piece of advice if you are
cutting as well or like trying to lower
your body fat and is just to make sure
you're not under eating now if you're
someone who doesn't have like a healthy
relationship with food at the moment you
know I'm not here to sit here and tell
you that you should be tracking your
calories and blocks it can get really
unhealthy and obsessive and I would
never advise anyone who feels in that
kind of that way to go and do taking me
a while to get a good relationship and
healthy relationship with food where I'm
at now in order to like be able to track
for micro as comfortably so that will be
on to under eating now this is something
I did for numerous years I didn't I
wasn't tracking my macros but I was
eating well eating good or like what I
thought was well and that was just
basically not even enough like I'd have
I don't know that one or two big meals a
day that I'd be it and I'd be like well
I'm not losing one do not have a
six-pack kind of thing this was back in
the day so taking that approach can be
really really damaging and it's gonna be
a lot harder at for you to progress and
even lose weight because your body's
going into like starvation mode and
using like anything that it gets and
storing that as fat if you're in that
position I've really budgeted like go
online and just research like how many
calories you should be having like by
putting in or you're like measurements
your weight your height your expenditure
levels like what how much how much
activity you do in a day all of that in
a good place like with your and
nutrition Littlefair has been sleeping
all day all I've heard is a little snore
pretty the room I'm gonna make a little
snack and have flags of rye bread with
smooth peanut butter so natural yogurt
we're green whey protein and flavor drop
so just top that with some chalk
[Music]
yeah this is like my little snack in
between dinner just before I go on a
walk I absolutely love rye bread if I'm
not really feeling and this just is
behind my sweet - oh my bird feeder has
just arrived for the garden show me it's
raining can't put it out this would be
nice to attract some more birds like
garden you know how people are gonna
chase them all off but if he saw mixed
up my little display on here I got this
glass jar and filled it with some Oreo
and you cannot it colder and it's really
different when you just change started
things that are in that your daily
environment my brow lamination kit has
arrived
I got this off Amazon and I did actually
order a different one on families and I
think it was about a few weeks ago two
weeks ago maybe and it came like a small
pack without any instructions and thank
God it didn't happen because I went back
on the Amazon page like to find out how
you do it her granny in the product page
luckily saw every single review that was
on there not an office park my other
pack was like do you not use this
product I lost my eyebrows all those of
dramatic pictures of people with no
eyebrows oh praise the Lord
that I had actually saw that because I
have just lost every single brown I
found this one and it had a turnover v's
I've also seen quite a few people and on
Instagram using this warden so hopefully
it will go well I think if that go at
some point probably do it today at been
ordering so much on Amazon Prime is
brilliant but I need to stop because
every day I seem to find something else
today I've just realize that I need like
a peeler and like a cheese grater I
don't own either of those things and I
use a knife for everything and
to me other than an oath doing that make
a ginger and lemon tea managed to get
some ginger on my last food shop I
always find is right if I ever feel
bloated this is like my absolute number
one go-to I finally chop the ginger and
the lemon into small chunks in the pan
then I'm just going to leave this polish
in ten minutes in here so I've made one
for me as well and then I think we
should put a little bit of honey
[Music]
Wow crazy how this weather has just
switched I thought I'd put this coat
away for good it's actually dropped
quite cold so we're just doing our daily
step we've got matching coats I'm
actually quite well on that walk and I'm
just going to make some dinner beef
strips and we've heard how many egg
noodles I would usually have Domino
pieces so I'm just going to whip
something up I'll show you I'll show you
these and some salad I'm just gonna have
these beef stir-fry strip and homey old
pita breads and then to season em I'm
just using some garlic granules some
all-purpose bit of curry powder and
pepper core know and you know and also
that's another card lentils in there as
well
I'm just gonna add some you'll get to
make it creamy okay some salad with some
balsamic vinegar and then this beef
little mixture that I just put together
on a piece of bread really really tasty
I even didn't want any of the color that
he's just making puts cottage cheese
with analyses did watching this film
called kid last night Mason really got
into it but I wasn't I wasn't really you
know but metal finishes I don't meal
which is a some oats at it you love
having these on evening boats my
favorite thing I'm just gonna cook them
like normally in the microwave I just
have full cecum rounds 150 of them now
we're gonna microwave that for about two
minutes
right here is my final little meal of
the day my favorite protein oats and
some peanut butter chia seeds and
blueberry so that brings us to the end
of this video I'm just about to eat my
oats and watch the rest of this film I
really hope you enjoyed this video don't
forget to Like and subscribe and let me
know what other videos you'd like to see
and I'll see you guys in the next video